com/example/team8/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.team8.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/team8/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.team8.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/team8/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.team8.BuildConfig
com/example/team8/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.team8.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/team8/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.team8.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.team8.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/team8/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.team8.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.team8.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/team8/RegistroActivity.java
 com.example.team8.RegistroActivity
 com.example.team8.RegistroActivity$1
 com.example.team8.RegistroActivity$2
 com.example.team8.RegistroActivity$3
com/example/team8/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.team8.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/team8/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.team8.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/team8/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.team8.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/team8/databinding/AppBarMenuBinding.java
 com.example.team8.databinding.AppBarMenuBinding
com/example/team8/MenuActivity.java
 com.example.team8.MenuActivity
 com.example.team8.MenuActivity$1
com/example/team8/MainActivity.java
 com.example.team8.MainActivity
 com.example.team8.MainActivity$1
com/example/team8/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.team8.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/team8/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.team8.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.team8.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/team8/databinding/ContentMenuBinding.java
 com.example.team8.databinding.ContentMenuBinding
com/example/team8/databinding/NavHeaderMenuBinding.java
 com.example.team8.databinding.NavHeaderMenuBinding
com/example/team8/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.team8.LoginActivity
com/example/team8/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.team8.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/team8/databinding/ActivityRegistroBinding.java
 com.example.team8.databinding.ActivityRegistroBinding
com/example/team8/databinding/ActivityMenuBinding.java
 com.example.team8.databinding.ActivityMenuBinding
